VERSION

  This is version 3.0 of the mySTEP libraries.
  
  The code has its root in mGstep-0.536.
  Many thanks to Felipe A. Rodriguez for providing the source codes!!!
  
  Some parts are coming from GNUstep. Others
  are even shared with GNUstep (CoreData, SimpleWebKit).
  
LICENSE

   The mySTEP library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
   modify it under the terms of the GNU Library General Public
   License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
   version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
   
   This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
   but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
   MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
   Library General Public License for more details.

   You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public
   License along with this library; see the file COPYING.LIB.
   If not, write to the Free Software Foundation,
   59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.

   Various files in mGSTEP/Foundation are derived from libFoundation
   and in deference to it's authors these files retain a BSD type 
   license as follows:

     Copyright (C) 1995, 1996 Ovidiu Predescu and Mircea Oancea.
     All rights reserved.

     Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and
     its documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted,
     provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and 
     that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear
     in supporting documentation.

     We disclaim all warranties with regard to this software, including all
     implied warranties of merchantability and fitness, in no event shall
     we be liable for any special, indirect or consequential damages or any
     damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether
     in an action of contract, negligence or other tortious action, arising
     out of or in connection with the use or performance of this software.
